She's talking to me.
She was one of them, along with Robeson and Joe Lewis and Marian Anderson.
They were the heroes of our day in the 1940s.
I mean, they were the people that black, I mean, most of America point out as role models.
So you can imagine how I felt in meeting my heroes of my childhood, Marian Anderson and Paul Robeson, you know.
And as you know, I just put a record, a poster, I mean, a marker, a historical state marker for Robeson in front of the house that he stayed in.
for 10 years in Philadelphia near the University of Pennsylvania.
So it's like my life has gone full circles, you know.
I'm able to give back to people, to children, and of all races, what these people had provided for me, you know, as a child.
And where did you grow up?
I grew up in Norristown, Pennsylvania, which is 18 miles from Philadelphia, you know.
So I would come down here when I wasn't driving on the
on the train to get the O'Leary's O'Leary.
It's like an L-E-A-R-Y.
We call it the O'Leary Bookstore, and I used to get purchased books that people just discarded.
When you were in high school?
In junior high school.
So you were collecting?
Oh, yeah.
I started out in grade school collecting when I was in the- That store, that's eight years old, right?
Yeah, when I was a kid, yeah.
I didn't know what I was doing.
I became a collector before I knew it.
So I went to salvaging armies and goods will stores and all, but
You know, I went there for another reason.
Before I was the oldest of nine, I mean, at that time we had about a sister and brother, I guess it was about four of us, and eventually, you know, the oldest of nine, I had one brother who died in death.
But nevertheless, we went there for a while, for shoes, for clothes, for furniture.
And of course they had books there.
At the time, when the teacher told me that, I just,
Say for the record, for my typist, and for what the teacher told you.
You're eight years old, and you're in school.
Yeah, in school, and I asked a teacher in an integrated school district.
I never had.
It was in Norristown.
Norristown, Pennsylvania, the same town where Tom Lathorta came from, and so forth.
We called him Mongo.
But nevertheless, growing up in an integrated town on my street, there were Greeks, because you are Greek.
There were Italians, there were Irish, there were Germans.
there was Polish people, so we had a mixture of people at the time.
And most of us was poor as far as wealth, but as far as love and friendship, you know, if one, Mrs. Nellican, the Irish family, her mother was ill, my mother would bring soup or something to them, and the Italian family, so we had this community, you know, the bond.
And as I said, I never had a black teacher in my life.
even at Penn State, due to the fact that the Norristown integration didn't start there as teachers until 1960.
So I asked the teacher, did we have any heroes besides Booker T. Washington?
Did the black people have any heroes?
Yeah, any black people.
She said, no, Charles, Negroes were born to serve white people.
Now, she was a victim of her environment, you know, I mean, although at the time... She said that.
Did you say this in front of the class?
Oh, yes, because it was common.
You know, I mean, we were taught, and she was taught,
She was a victim of her environment, you know, that she was innocent.
I'm sorry.
She's a teacher.
But there are teachers today.
That's why you have all this Afrocentricity.
They're going back to the same stuff they had in 1960.
History pieces.
Remember in 1960, they had the black power movement, integrated schools and all.
The same became blacks.
Now Afrocentricity.
And a lot of people...